docs(sandbox): sandbox is serverless now (#4639)
jina-ai/jina: docs/how-to/sandbox.md

## Sandbox Lifecycle

> Sandbox is serverless. It will not be removed immediately after the Flow is closed but keep alive for several minutes. If there is no traffic, it will automatiaclly scale down to 0 to save resources, but it will restart again and give the response whenever there is a new request has been sent to the same Sandbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sandbox is serverless. It will not be removed immediately after the Flow is closed but kept alive for several minutes. If there is no traffic, it will automatically scale down to 0 to save resources, but it will restart again and give the response whenever a new request is sent to the same Sandbox.
```
